feat: add extension to rm microsoft appinsights logprovider (#374)
arcus-azure/arcus.observability: docs/preview/03-Guidance/use-with-dotnet-and-functions.md

Some aspects we would like to highlight are:

- Make sure to call [`UseSerilog`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Serilog.AspNetCore) when creating a `IHostBuilder`
- Remove the default Microsoft's `ApplicationInsightsLoggerProvider` via the `RemoveMicrosoftApplicationInsightsLoggerProvider` extension

> - Remove default for logging including its configuration in `appsettings.json` *(if applicable)*

Reviewer: What exactly is meant with this last bullet ? (remove default for logging ... ) ?

Author: Was also thinking about that. I think it's the `"applicationInsights"` parts in the `appsettings.json`, but I can't quite remember why it was here.

Reviewer: Should we remove this bullet, as it is only causing confusion ?
Or should we try to clarify it a bit.   The `Logging` [section ](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/logging/?view=aspnetcore-6.0#configure-logging)in appsettings.json is indeed not used when we use Serilog, as it uses another section.

Maybe we should modify this piece to make it more clear.  Something like:
```suggestion
- Remove the `Logging` section from the `appsettings.json` *(if applicable)* as this is not used by Serilog
```

Author: Yeah, ok! It's the `Serilog` section in the `appsettings.json` file that Serilog can use with the `ReadFrom.Configuration(...)`, right?

Reviewer: Yes indeed.

> > We need to call `RemoveMicrosoftApplicationInsightsLoggerProvider` to remove Microsoft's `ApplicationInsightsLoggerProvider` because it would conflict with our own Serilog Application Insights sink. We can't garantee stable telemetry if Microsoft's logger provider is registered as this provider manipulates the telemetry before it get's send out to Application Insights. Removoving it ensure that Arcus is in full control of the send-out telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We need to call `RemoveMicrosoftApplicationInsightsLoggerProvider` to remove Microsoft's `ApplicationInsightsLoggerProvider` because it would conflict with our own Serilog Application Insights sink. We can't guarantee stable telemetry if Microsoft's logger provider is registered as this provider manipulates the telemetry before it get's send out to Application Insights. Removing it ensure that Arcus is in full control of the send-out telemetry.
```
